> What this blog is really all about
>> Edit on February 26, 2023: I might nuke this blog in the near future (reduce post count by merging)<br/>
>> Edited on March 11, 2023: By the end of June 2023, all the posts here would be rewritten and re-organized<br/>
>> Edited on April 2, 2023: This blog is currently halted, no new posts would be published until further notice
>> Edited on April 23, 2023: Next version of this blog would be a combination of old-fashioned Markdown and a mindmap version which allows you to toggle on <small>(powered by [*markmap*](https://markmap.js.org/repl))</small>.
>>> When I figure out how to embed images in the mindmap version <small>(modifying its source code)</small>, the Markdown version would be deprecated.
<!-- toc -->

## Why

> Originally I was trying to say things like *my goals are to explain things simpler for the others while also learning from it*. Well, it definitely goes beyond that. It's not just one goal that propels myself to open a blog, just like you have tons of factors that you would take into account when you decide whom you marry to.
>
> Though I do really want to make things simpler, not just it feels good, but also
>
> - it is indeed *simple* underneath (**derived** from various steps)
> - there were too much garbage on the Internet
>>
>> - Paid Courses
>> - No fucking context, just concepts
>> - Either too fucking abstract, or too fucking *not* serious (examples that some could not *get*)
>> - Code that could not withstand the changes (thus outdated)
>>
> - anything *could* be learned
>
>> After all, it *was* generated by your fellow humans, right?

## What

> I have a *dream* that you might consider weird, that is, *read every books in this world*. It, of course, could not ever be achieved, either logically or just in plain common sense.
>
> Even though I could not do *that*, I still want to consume and understand as much as possible for the materials that interested me.
>
> And that, could not be achieved if I just save a bunch of links to my bookmark services, and maybe another tens of thousands of books on my computer, like a data hoarder [we are increasing become](https://web.archive.org/web/20221204121111/https://theconversation.com/with-seemingly-endless-data-storage-at-our-fingertips-digital-hoarding-could-be-an-increasing-problem-190356) <small>(or already are, lol)</small>, and many other types of media, digitally or physically.
>> Currently I'm holding hold thirty-ish read-later articles. Though I still consider it as too much, my strategy for *tackling* them are like this: *put them in real-world use*, *converting them into a content-dense blog post* and so on.

## Exhaustion & Realization

> Sometimes I think that there were already tons of people doing the *X Concept Simplified*, and even doing a way better job that me <small>(I haven't even *getting started*, so it's not a fair comparison for them, lol. Props to them!)</small>. So why the fuck I'm getting out of this during the process?
>
> Then I realized that, or just telling myself a cloying narrative, it's all about the process, and more importantly, about **me**. It is *me* who gets to **understand** the concepts, and also **do** something about it with my own context (aka. words that related to experiences like *childhood*, *environment*, *family*, *education*, basically, all of the different things combined that *makes* you **YOU**).

## Credibility

> I would include resources that *seemed the most accurate*, as I do not have unlimited resources of time, mental energy. Just like what [*StackOverflow*](https://stackoverflow.com/) <small>(or I should say all the sub-sites under [StackExchange](https://stackexchange.com/))</small> really is, from my own experience for the answers I've seen <small>(please know that the actual thing I'm critiquing on is the endless abstractions which programmers fell into and the lack of strong and accurate foundational knowledge)</small>.
>
> By no means I have the authority to critique about any of the sites I mentioned here. I was, after all, offering my own *prejudices* for you to read on.

> Spoilers alert!
>> I would try to "*hide*" my own incompetence or amateur(ity?) by asking you questions in my writing.
